These billionaires are powerful people.
They own the newspapers. They fund the
political parties. They have a huge
amount of power. They're scared of these
guys off. Can anything change if the
media is so controlled by the powerful?
>> Well, I mean, look, you know, I get more
viewers than question time. You know
what I mean? Like I think it's actually
it's quite interesting, right? Because
it's so obvious and it has been obvious
for ages that social media is becoming
and will become more and more powerful
in politics. And you saw like Donald
Trump, you know, take advantage of that.
And the mainstream media and the
mainstream political parties have been
unbelievably slow into that game. And
then you have people like me making
videos for my kitchen, getting like 50
million views a